Initial commit of Plugin Installation Manager tool documentation.(JIRA Issue WEBSITE-775) (#4373)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/managing/plugins.adoc

. Using the "Plugin Manager" in the web UI.
. Using the <<install-with-cli,Jenkins CLI>> `install-plugin` command.

> . Using the <<plugin-install-manager.adoc#plugin-install-manager,Plugin Installtion Manager Tool>> 

Reviewer: Spelling fix
```suggestion
. Using the <<plugin-install-manager.adoc#plugin-install-manager,Plugin Installation Manager Tool>> 
```

> Each approach will result in the plugin being loaded by Jenkins but may require

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each approach results in the plugin being loaded by Jenkins but may require
```
